InputDate: Render correct month for value prop (#1013)
looker-open-source/components: CHANGELOG.md

The format is based on [Keep a Changelog](https://keepachangelog.com/en/1.0.0/),
and this project adheres to [Semantic Versioning](https://semver.org/spec/v2.0.0.html).

> ## UNRELEASED
> 
> ## Fixed
> 
> - Fix issue where InputDate did not render the correct month when setting a value prop
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
##[0.8.1]

## Fixed

- Fix issue where InputDate did not render the correct month when setting a value prop

```
